Privacy Policy


We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and explains data collection and use practices for the CrossFollow.Com. The "CrossFollow Network" includes all Web pages, newsletters, discussion forums and lists and opt-in announcement lists owned and operated by CrossFollow or indirectly from the CrossFollow.Com (collectively the "Site") home page (collectively hereafter "CrossFollow"). By accessing the CrossFollow Network, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy.

We promise that we will use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy as follows:


What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it?


Do You Store Twitter Account Information?

In order to provide the service we offer we need to keep your twitter login information stored in our database so that we can assist you with generating more followers. Unlike many other similar services we encrypt our data so that your privacy is protected and secured using the latest in server security. We respect your privacy and we will never disclose, sell or trade this information. We also use this to occassionaly send out promotional "Tweets" for our service or websites in our network. These are to assist you in gaining more followers and make the most out of our service.

Do you collect IP addresses?

Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers, that serve as that computer's "Internet Protocol" IP address. When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the CrossFollow Network, our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor's domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our Sites. We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate, and to investigate misuse of the CrossFollow Network, its users, or to cooperate with law enforcement. We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals. Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors.

What are cookies?

From time to time, CrossFollow or its advertisers may send a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie can't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to identify which areas of CrossFollow's Network you have visited or customized, so the next time you visit, those pages may be readily accessible. Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement. Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you see on our Site. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.

What personal information do you collect?

Wherever CrossFollow collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy. We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. The personal information we collect may include your name, title, company or organization name, e-mail address, phone number, work or home address, information about your job function, information about your company, and credit card information.

We may request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a contest or to provide additional services (for example, subscriptions to announcement lists or information about products and services). Participation in contests or other promotions on the CrossFollow Network is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose personal information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.

If you are purchasing something on the CrossFollow Network, we, and any third party provider, need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address. This allows us, or third party providers, to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. Your information will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose except as provided in this Privacy Policy without your express permission.

CrossFollow also offers access to some services that require registration. We may use your registration contact information to send notification to you of products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail.

We may from time to time send e-mail announcing new products and services. If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form, you may receive postal mailings from CrossFollow.


Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties?



CrossFollow will disclose personal information and/or an IP address:

1) When required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:

a) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CrossFollow;

b) Protect and defend the rights or property of the CrossFollow Network of sites and related properties, or visitors to the CrossFollow Network of sites and related properties;

c) Identify persons who may be violating the law, the CrossFollow legal notice and Web site User Agreement, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing the CrossFollow Network or its related properties;

d) Fulfill a user's order or request;

2) To process and fulfill your order or notify you of order status;

3) When we have your consent to share the information;

We maintain a strict "No-Spam" policy that means that we do not sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party, without your consent or as permitted by this Privacy Policy.

What else should I know about my privacy when online?

CrossFollow may use third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you based on information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to our web site in order to provide targeted advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you while visiting other Web sites.

The CrossFollow Network may contain hyperlinks to third party Web sites. The CrossFollow Network may also contain advertisements of third parties. CrossFollow is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers. CrossFollow does not share any of the individual personal information you provide CrossFollow with the third parties to which CrossFollow links, except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy, although CrossFollow may share general, aggregate data with such third parties (such as how many people use our Site). Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy.

Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail, discussion lists, or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.

Certain CrossFollow media properties use a shopping cart feature that safeguards this information by using industry standard SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encrypted servers. SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server, rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information. Other CrossFollow media properties do not use SSL and thereby do not offer a secure coded way to transfer information.

Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.

Your Consent To This Agreement

By using the CrossFollow Network, you consent to the collection and use of information by CrossFollow as specified above. We reserve the right to modify this Policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

Please send any questions about CrossFollow's Privacy Policy to: info@CrossFollow.Com 

Please note that your use of the CrossFollow network is governed by our terms and conditions.




















The Basic Terms


- You are required to add all Premium users and 20 regular users to become a regular member of the "Twitter Followers Free" service.
- You agree to submit your twitter account credentials to access our service.
We take your privacy seriously and your information will never be sold, traded, or distributed.
- You agree to allow us to store your account information in our database (this information is encrypted in our databases for your privacy and protection and we use SSL 256bit encryption for your protection)
- You agree to allow us to send a promtional tweet to your account about every 24 hours to help you get more followers & referrals with the exception of Premium members. 
- You agree when purchasing our premium Premium membership services or any other related services that we may offer, that there are no refunds or returns.
- You agree to allow us up to 24 hours to place your twitter account in the Premium Members section.
- You agree if you spam our site or in any way misuse our site you will be permenantly banned from our service without hesitation regardless of status.
- You may opt our at any time by using the "Delete Account" button found on the main page when you login


Full Terms of Service
 

COPYRIGHT INFORMATION

All CrossFollow.com materials (including without limitation all text, articles, slogans, images, logos, software and design) are Copyright ? 2012 - 2015 CrossFollow.com, Group. All rights reserved.
All other trademarks, product names, company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners.
These materials may not be copied or redistributed for commercial purposes or for compensation of any kind without prior written permission from CrossFollow.com or their respected owners
 

LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS

CrossFollow.com grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of CrossFollow.com. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents unless specified in writing; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of CrossFollow.com. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of CrossFollow.com and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing CrossFollow.com's name or trademarks without the express written consent of CrossFollow.com. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by CrossFollow.com. You are granted a limited, revocable, and non-exclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of CrossFollow.com so long as the link does not portray CrossFollow.com, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive manner. You may not use any CrossFollow.com logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.


YOUR ACCOUNT

If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. CrossFollow.com does not sell products to children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card. If you are under 18, you may use CrossFollow.com only with involvement of a parent or guardian. CrossFollow.com and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at their sole discretion.
 

OTHER BUSINESSES

Parties other than CrossFollow.com and its subsidiaries may sell product lines on this site. In addition, we provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their Web sites. CrossFollow.com does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties. You should carefully review their privacy policies and other conditions of use. We do not control the privacy policies of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors or other sites to which we provide hyperlinks.


DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

NEITHER CrossFollow.com NOR ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS (INCLUDING DUE TO NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL CrossFollow.com BE LIABLE IN AN AMOUNT GREATER THAN THE AMOUNTS ACTUALLY PAID BY CUSTOMER TO CrossFollow.com HEREUNDER. THE ONLY LIABILITY CrossFollow.com WILL HAVE WITH RESPECT TO ANY DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS, DAMAGED PRODUCTS, UNMERCHANDISABLE PRODUCTS, AND/OR PRODUCTS ERRONEOUSLY SHIPPED WILL BE THE RETURN RIGHTS OF CUSTOMERS AND THE OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN CrossFollow.com'S RETURN POLICY.


LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

NEITHER CrossFollow.com NOR ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS (INCLUDING DUE TO NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL CrossFollow.com BE LIABLE IN AN AMOUNT GREATER THAN THE AMOUNTS ACTUALLY PAID BY CUSTOMER TO CrossFollow.com HEREUNDER. THE ONLY LIABILITY CrossFollow.com WILL HAVE WITH RESPECT TO ANY DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS, DAMAGED PRODUCTS, UNMERCHANDISABLE PRODUCTS, AND/OR PRODUCTS ERRONEOUSLY SHIPPED WILL BE THE RETURN RIGHTS OF CUSTOMERS AND THE OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN CrossFollow.com'S RETURN POLICY.
APPLICABLE LAW
By visiting CrossFollow.com, you agree that the laws of the State of California, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and CrossFollow.com or its affiliates.


DISPUTES

Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to CrossFollow.com or to products you purchase through CrossFollow.com shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in San Bernardino, California, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate CrossFollow.com's intellectual property rights, CrossFollow.com may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of California, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.


SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY

Please review our other policies, such as our pricing policy, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to CrossFollow.com. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
 

OUR EMAIL CONTACT

info@CrossFollow.com 

NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGMENT

If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide CrossFollow.com's copyright agent the written information specified below. Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying CrossFollow.com and its affiliates that you believe that your copyrighted material may have been infringed.
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site, including the auction ID number, if applicable;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.


DISCOUNTS AND COUPONS

Promotional code discounts and coupons are valid for one purchase only, and may not be used in conjunction with other discounts, coupons or promotions. Other limitations and/or provisions may apply to promotional code discounts.
CrossFollow.com reserves the right to refuse orders from distributors, dealers, warehouse stores, individuals, or entities outside the scope of specific offers or promotions, whether made in print or electronically, and when such special offers and promotions are extended by any party other than CrossFollow.com.


FRAUDULENT TRANSACTIONS

CrossFollow.com reserves the right to investigate and/or refuse any transactions/purchases that would appear, in the estimation of the vendor, to be fraudulent, dishonest or deceitful.